How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It shows only the parts of the files that changed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It allows me to see how the file have changed over time and restore to a previous version if needed.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually committing the changes lets you choose which versions get saved so you have control over how many different versions of the files in the history. The disadvantage is that you may lose changes that you did not commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because Git is command line driven, while Google Docs automatically saves your revisions on a per file basis.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You know you can always go back to a previous version of a file.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Saving my html and css files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	It allows the programmer to not have to worry about losing old versions of his source when making changes.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?